hello this is a tutorial on how to make
a kirby out of polymer clay what you're
gonna need is like a pink color and a
like reddish color of polymer clay I'm
using sculpey and I actually didn't have
like a pink color so I just mixed
together red and white and a lot but
then it'll turn pink eventually and it
looks kind of just like regular clay so
I've already made out the parts these
need one big pink circle for the body
two little pieces of pink for his arms
and then just two pieces of red for the
feet so these parts are already like
made they're all circles but I'll make
the feet there I'm pretty sure they're
like kind of oval II and then at the end
Pope's eye at the end you just kind of
like pinch it a little bit and it's like
a little pointed try to make the bottom
flat kinda like that and then just try
to make two of them that look pretty
similar and his feet are actually kind
of big so even if they look kind of like
too big I don't know I guess you can
change it if you want to but I think
Kirby has big feet
so they don't have to be exactly the
same but I don't know they're pretty
similar looking and then after you kind
of you know like round out the edges and
get out how you like it
then set them down and take your pink
ball and just push it on it
you can want to make it so that it kind
of like it's in the clay good so what
that when you bake it it doesn't fall
out
all right so then try to keep as much of
the circle as possible and then just
take the two little arms and put them
off you want it I think I'm gonna have
him like kind of waving so I'll put one
up on the top like this
and then once again make sure it's
firmly in there so that when you bake it
it doesn't fall off and then make sure
to keep his like little Kirby form the
circle thing and then one down here and
then I am going to actually paint on the
face after its baked but if you would
like to put on the face like before you
bake it so that it's like a clay face
just take two pieces of like black and
roll them out and make them kind of oval
II and put a little piece of white and
then for the mouth I think just put a
piece of like black that's shaped like a
half circle but this is Kirby's little
body right here so now look on your clay
and follow the baking instructions for
the sculpey it is put it in the oven at
275 for 15 minutes so I'm gonna go do
that and then when I come back all paint
on the face okay now it's time to paint
on his face and as you can see I've made
a little kind of sketch through where I
want the parts to go just cuz it's
harder to get paint off of this than it
is pencil so I lightly sketched on where
I wanted his face parts to be all like
the eyes and mouth and his little cheeks
you
so now your Kirby is completed and you
just gotta let it dry and then you can
do whatever you want with it so thanks
for watching and hopefully you watch
more of my videos in the future and see
you next time